[FEATURE] Introduce simple definition file registration (#151)
romm/NotiZ: Documentation/Markdown/Developers/Definition/What-is-definition.md

# What is the definition

NotiZ is based on a configuration object, called the “*definition*”. It allows 
administrators to manage how events and notifications will be processed during 
runtime.

If you want to register a new event or configure notifications, you will need to 
extend the definition. Definition values can be written inside files in your own 
extension. 

> The most simple way to register a definition file is to add a piece of code in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way to register a definition file is to add a piece of code in
```

https://ell.stackexchange.com/questions/429/most-simple-or-simplest
